# C3 : Product

## 3.1 Instalation

After checking out the project from GitHub, you'll need to clone it from the repository, and then save it in a folder with a code editor of your choice, for example, Visual Studio Code.
Inside the API_data_base folder is the query you'll use to execute the MySql database on your web server software of choice(Xampp in our case).
(Also, if you don't have Git or npm/yarn installed on your machine, you may need to do so)

## 3.2 Usage

To use this project, you'll need an extension on your editor that can read and write React js, a MySql-comparable web server, and a functioning web browser.
Furthermore, you'll need to go to your project editor of choice, and open a command line in the project root, and execute "npm start" in both React_WeatherForecaster(interface React js) and WeatherForecaster(API lb4).
After that, automatically a window should pop out in your browser and the React js browser interface should be visible.
In the React js interface you can confer graphs, comparing weather variables for each city, you can also check the existing values within the different tables in the database, you can also perform CRUD operations in each table and filter results.

## 3.3 Implementation details

For this project we set up to do a responsive web application, with the use of React js libraries, we implemented CRUD operations on the tables filters for searching values and sorting. We also designed a dashboard containing a summary of the most important informations delivered by the API, in a more comprehensible way.
These goals were reached with the help of libraries such as "recharts" which helped us make charts, the display informations, "react-admin" to build the interface and also "material UI" to make the core UI elements in the interface.
It should also be mentioned that we managed to connect our database made in loopback4 with the help of the data provider "react-admin-lb4".


---
[< Previous](c2.md) | [^ Main](https://github.com/INF2021-PW-G02/WeatherForecaster) | [Next >](c4.md)
:--- | :---: | ---: 